release.txt

                           MODFLOW-USG Release Notes

     This file describes changes introduced into MODFLOW-USG with each
official release; these changes may substantially affect users. In this
file, packages are referred to by their 3-or 4-character abbreviation. 
For information and references related to these packages, see mfusg.txt
("Summary of MODFLOW-USG").

NOTE: Any use of trade, product or firm names is for descriptive purposes 
      only and does not imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.

o Version 1.2 03/21/2014
    CLN2BASU1 -- Added transient IBOUND option so that CLN nodes can 
       change between prescribed head, active, and inactive.  Added
       capability to read CLN input in IA-JA format.  Corrected bug in
       cell-by-cell flow output for CLN so that flows between CLN nodes
       are written in the IA-JA format.  Description is provided in the 
       description of model input and output.
    DISU2GNCN1 -- Slight change to method for constructing system of 
       equations.  Fixed bug for case when node used for interpolation
       goes dry.
    GLO2BASU1 -- Change in method for constructing system of equations.
    GLO2SMS-U1 -- Changed method for using PCGU7U1AR routine.  Changed
       method for deallocating linear solvers.
    GMODULES -- Added items to CLN1MODULE.
    GWF2BCF-LPF-U1 -- Corrected method for calculating nodal hydraulic
       conductivity values when connection hydraulic conductivity values
       are specified.
    GWF2CHD7U1 -- Fixed bugs related to parameter values and case where
       reusing CHDs from previous stress period.
    GWF2DRN7U1 -- Fixed bug related to parameter values.
    GWF2EVT8U1 -- Fixed bug that may affect structured models with
       variable cell sizes.
    GWF2GAG7U1 -- Small formatting change.
    GWF2GHB7U1 -- Fixed bug related to parameter values.
    GWF2RCH8U1 -- Fixed bug that may affect structured models with
       variable cell sizes.
    GWF2RIV7U1 -- Fixed bug related to parameter values.
    MFUSG -- Added call to CLN1RP and changed allocation method for
       linear solvers.
    OPENSPEC -- Added comment about STREAM ACCESS.
    PCGU7 -- Encapsulated all subroutines into the PCGUMODULE.
    

o Version 1.1 08/23/2013:
    CLN2BASU1 -- Renamed some internal variables and changed how the CLN
       constant-head budget terms are tabulated.
    DISU2GNCB1 -- Minor source formatting changes.
    DISU2GNCN1 -- Devised new approach for expanding the system of 
       equations to include ghost-node connections.  New method should 
       be substantially faster for problems with many ghost nodes. Fixed
       case where ghost-node contributing cell starts or becomes inactive.
    GLO2SMS-U1 -- Added support for PCGU bgcs option.
    GMODULES -- Renamed TMPA variable to FLOWJA and fixed an 
       initialization issue with this variable.
    GWF2BCF-LPF-U1 -- Revised method for calculating constant-head flows.
       Constant-head flows are now calculated from FLOWJA array instead
       of being recalculated.  Constant-head flows are tabulated by cell
       face instead of by cell to provide a more accurate budget.
    GWF2GHB7U1 -- Fixed the NOPRINT option.
    GWF2LAK7U1 -- Fixed several bugs related to lakes and their use with
       unstructured grid models.
    GWF2SFR7U1 -- Fixed several bugs related to streams and their use
       with unstructured grid models.
    GWF2STR7U1 -- Added support for auxiliary variables and for reading
       free format input files.  The 'STREAM FLOW OUT' budget term is now
       written in compact form when compact budgets are used.
    GWF2WEL7U1 -- Removed inactivation of well package when there are no
       active wells.
    PCGU7 -- Added the bi-conjugate gradient stabilized acceleration 
       method for the PCGU linear solver.  Changed default pcgu settings
       for 'simple', 'moderate', and 'complex'. See input instructions for
       additional details.
    UTL7U1 -- Small formatting change.
    XMD -- Added warning if reduced system (IREDSYS=1) is used.
    MFUSG -- Small revisions and change in subroutine calls for tabulating
       constant-head budget terms.
    SPARSE -- Added new SPARSEMATRIX module to facilitate matrix expansion
       for ghost nodes.


o Version 1.0 05/03/2013:

This version is the initial release.

